The US government's going to have a bad year, that's for sure.
Recently, an anonymous hacker broke into the CIA and stole the documents relating
to 'Project Autocrat', a CIA mission that started in 2000 and ended earlier this year.
An anonymous tip gave me access to the document in question, simply titled
'autocrat.docx'. I've read through 10 years of mostly unredacted CIA reports,
and I am ready to present the world with the entire story.

In 2000, President William Clifford was concerned that the Internet would be a home
for free speech and would not be controllable by the government, so he proposed
Project Autocrat. His plan was to establish control of Internet companies and the
services they run, by backdooring software and setting up the SGDRS (Simple Govt. 
Data Request System), which allows the government to contact connected companies
and request ALL data for that user, without a warrant, from just one data point,
be it a name, email/IP address, or phone number. 

Their initial targets were the Apache Web Server (a popular web server), the
Linux Kernel, xOS devices, and even NanoSoft Workspaces devices. Over the years,
this expanded to dozens of products and companies participiating in the
entire SGDRS and backdooring ensemble, with old partners giving the government
more power as they released more intrusive services. A few services declined, 
of course, including AnonMail, Debian and Linux, but 90% agreed to it without
qeuestion, and 50% of the remaining 10% changed their mind and complied later
down the line.

The scope of this Project is hard to explain or comprehend, as it spans 10
years and essentially predicted the modern Internet's service- and data-based economy.
It is unknown how many SGDRS requests have been made, or how many people the CIA and
its offshoots have hacked with their backdoors, including the infamous default password
on xPhone devices. 

With regards to the Apache Web Server, the vulnerability existed between versions
2.0 and 2.2 of the server, before it was found as a security vulnerability and patched.

To round all of this off, I've left all of this on my public FTP server, ftp.mht.com,
so you can read the whole document for yourself. Get it as quick as you can!
